Update with premium badge (#84)
CrossingsCon/crossingscon.org: _static/events/guests.md

CrossingsCon is proud to welcome our guests of honor for 2021!

>  asdf <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pdfs/where_to_start_guests.pdf">here</a>

Author: ```suggestion
If you're not familiar with the works of some of our guests, our staff put together a guide on where to start with each of their respective bibliographies, including some reviews. Take a look at it <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/pdfs/where_to_start_guests.pdf">here!</a>
```
